Sweeps: Add warning + word smith some Sweep pages (#1858)
wandb/docs: models/sweeps/add-w-and-b-to-your-code.mdx

title: Add W&B (wandb) to your code
---

> This guide provides recommendations on how to integrate W&B into your Python training script or notebook for hyperparameter serach optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides recommendations on how to integrate W&B into your Python training script or notebook for hyperparameter search optimization.
```

In the next section, you will add W&B to your Python script to track hyperparameters and metrics during training. You want to use W&B to find the best hyperparameters that maximize the validation accuracy (`val_acc`).

## Add W&B to your training script

Update you training script to include W&B. How you integrate W&B to your Python script or notebook depends on how you manage sweeps. 

> If you want to use the W&B Python SDK to start, stop, and manage sweeps, follow the instructions in the **Python script or notebook** tab. If you want to use the W&B CLI to start, stop, and manage sweeps, follow the instructions in the **CLI** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the W&B Python SDK to start, stop, and manage sweeps, follow the instructions in the **Python script or notebook** tab. To use the W&B CLI  instead, follow the instructions in the **CLI** tab.
```
Optional but I think it makes the sentence easier to parse.

1. Import the W&B Python SDK (`wandb`) and PyYAML (`yaml`). PyYAML is used to read in our YAML configuration file.
2. Read in the configuration file.

> 3. Use [`wandb.init()`](/models/ref/python/functions/init) to generate a background process to sync and log data as a [W&B Run](/models/ref/python/experiments/run). Pass the config object to the config parameter.

Reviewer: Is "generate" the right word for a background process, or something else like "start" or "spawn"?

For more information, see [Start sweep jobs](./start-sweep-agents).
</Tab>
<Tab title="Python script or notebook">

> Add the following to your Python script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to add W&B to your Python script:
```
